
Please answer the following questions (just for fun and editing
practice).


Name:Arka Rao
Year: 2018


  1. Tell me about some of your strengths! What are some things you
     are good at? They don't have to have anything to do with CS.
     
     I like to consider myself as having great abilities when it comes to
     interpersonal relationships - I love to meet new people and I don't have
     any trouble with being shy!

  2. Tell me a bit about why are you taking CS21.
     
     CS is a very interesting and applicable field in my opinion. I believe 
     that the skills I take from CS21 will be useful in the future as a 
     prospective STEM major. My father also does a lot of CS work for General 
     Electric, and I'm secretly on a mission to learn how he does his work! He
     also doesn't know python, so I want to teach him as well as my younger
     sister in the future.

  3. Tell me about any prior CS experience you have. 
     
     I have no prior CS experience in a formal classroom setting. I was a
     member of the robotics team in high school as a driver as well as a 
     recruiter, and I was exposed to some code there, but not a whole lot.

  4. Tell me about something else you're doing here at Swarthmore such
     as (sports, music, or something else).
     
     I'm a member of the men's swim team. I used to play piano when I was 
     much younger, and have recently been trying to learn again.

  5. What is one of your favorite movies or books?
     
     I'm a big fan of the Star Wars series, as well as the Harry Potter
     series.

There are 4 errors in the following text. Please find them and correct
them. If you need to know what the original text looks like, try here:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gettysburg_Address#Text_of_Gettysburg_Address



    Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent
a new nation, conceived in liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all
men are created equal.

    Now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing whether that nation, or
any nation so conceived and so dedicated, can long endure. We are met on a 
great battlefield of that war. We have come to dedicate a portion of that 
field, as a final resting place for those who here gave their lives 
that that nation might live. It is altogether fitting and proper that we 
should do this.

But, in a larger sense, we can not dedicate, we can not consecrate, we can 
not hallow this ground. The brave men, living and dead, who struggled here,
have consecrated it, far above our poor power to add or detract. The world will
little note, nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what
they did here. It is for us the living, rather, to be dedicated here to the
unfinished work which they who fought here have thus far so nobly advanced. It
is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before
us—that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for
which they gave the last full measure of devotion—that we here highly resolve
that these dead shall not have died in vain—that this nation, under God, shall
have a new birth of freedom—and that government of the people, by the people,
for the people, shall not perish from the earth.


